view transition's form handling honors default prevention (#9486)
withastro/astro: .changeset/fresh-games-confess.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> honor default prevention in view transition's form handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes View Transition's form submission prevention, allowing `preventDefault` to be used.
```
Feel free to tweak it

Author: Nothing to tweak, thank you!
